well it him everyone knows the
xtreme motors chain to introduce you
to introduce you to my 50 derbi gpr
limited edition so I do you a little
round
so here's the poke that centers and at
middle so I hid the plate
Low registration is a little
normal those who will understand they will
why so I did not buy snow
I bought used so we are 100 years old
in exile by losing the world so I
said they do more so you see
who if she is still a little damaged
and there too it'll no good
bad
the front of the bike here's that's it
so we went around a little bit so the
so crutch the speed selector
it's a homologated place so it's
here but makes it small but I think
I will not take someone anyway
behind me so here is the keys bah
I will start it for you
to show a little here is to put the
sense you have to suspect
so wait i'm going to start it
here I'm posing salah so here it is
So to tranquil
nicolas la calais pascal is not something
is not heated before malignant
here
so you see she still has a
noise of saint quentin but frankly
okay so I cut the engine so that's
a six-speed gearbox
so yeah the counter so a box 6
velocities to montagnat and unbridled fair
by the pot there is just the pot it is
flanged to go up to 92
finally against between 90 and 95 so that's okay
so here at the here are so here
it's a fair presentation for you
show my bike that I had yesterday
so Saturday, June 20, 2015
so that was the first video of the
chain xtreme motors for for
to represent a bit of my motorcycle that you
ask my friend to introduce his motorcycle
and all I'm going to lend him copro
for to do it's also his
presentation
so here it is and very really very light
like motorcycle was really good so
derby it's good engines frankly
finally I find it's blow I was
leave this morning and then so nothing
time must go back to 7000
rounds pretty much here so that saïd the
potato so you just accelerated after
excess speed cholet teeth
vegetables a tower pretty much
after frankly it really leaves
quiet for a 50th to go up to 95 I
you say so it's pretty good I
think when the descent was taking a
to take a little without bone that I
think it's beautiful so this is I
tell you next time it was the
chain extra motors and baï everyone